"Good afternoon, we are the group 31, we have developed our research proposal on NLP and sentiment 
analysis based mental health at both for well-being workplace. Sorry. Sure, in this moment, many of 
us are thinking, what is this? Or for example, how do you use it? Or for instance, can be useful in 
the future? Well, we will answer all those questions and for you that may come back over the next 
few minutes. 

First, I would like to ask a question. This question has three options. And I would like to quickly 
raise your hands to share your opinion. The question is, you work hard on the earth, would you feel 
your problem on a chatbot? The first option is totally, if the second option is maybe if there's no 
one else to talk to Okay. And the third option is no way. Some things need to be done. Okay. You hate 
the chatbot. Consider your response. We say that today demanding professional environment, Plogies 
often have periods of anxiety, stress, and pressure to get high performance standards. In our proposal, 
we use CVT techniques and to improve the mental health, we use NLP and sentiment analysis to get more 
techniques. 

Nowadays, there are three applications that use mental health, Salvo, the first application 
is Weaver. You see the key and sentiment analysis. The second Salvo is replica. Use emotional sentiment 
with the interaction with humans and the third chatbot is Wisa that combinesivity and mindfulness. 

In our proposal we explain the emotion for Easter and sarcasm and we is a mind, the sentiment of humans 
and the limitation in our chatbot. Now, my teammate, Frim Rando, will explain the innovation. 

Now, I want to talk about what makes our chatbot new and different from the rest. not just another EA app, 
why? Because we've designed this chatbot with the source key problems with current solutions. Our first 
main idea is that it is designed specifically play at the workplace. Other chatbots like WeSR or WeBot 
give general support, but our chatbot give support based on the workplace. It concerns about the privacy 
and it uses information about company structures and different job types which make this chatbot... Sorry. 
That means that the chatbot can offer different kinds of support depending on each case. And this is, this 
isn't just a guess. Studies like the one in our proposal, so that help design it for certain planes usually 
works better. Secondly, our solution is made to work with not to replace other solutions that companies 
already have. It is like a private third step in which employees can, where employees who might be hate, 
hate us to talk directly to human resources or therapists. chat box uses a method that are already proven 
like CBT, which is cognitive behavioral therapy. It's very important that it has ways to find more help if 
the user needs it. And finally, our third important new idea is that the chatbot is built on fair AI ideas 
to reduce unfairness and protect privacy. in natural language processing, made sure conversations are private. 
It also follows European Union regulation on data and privacy. And now my mate is... 

Hello everyone. The main idea about this chatbot is to offer a confidential emotional support by employees 
using natural language production or NLP and sentimental analysis. This chatbot a candidate as signs of stress 
or anxiety, and has ability to interpret the natural language and respond with a personality. Okay, also 
thought to a different others in mental health application is a tolerate for the workplaces. This means is 
take account into account the employees roles and organizational context to provide a relevant support. 
Other characteristic is that the Ditsatbot can work 24-7. This is very important because the employees or 
the users can assist help at any time and without barriers of traditional mental health services. Now, let's 
look at who work, the chatbot work, sorry. The system follows a modular architecture, which means each component 
is dependent. It's very important because this allows easy update, accessibility, and more easy for for integrate 
into a system platform like Microsoft Teams, Meet, and some ATC. Okay, in the graph we can see that when the user 
sent message, its first process is a sentimental analysis engineer. In this step, the chatbot can detect the 
emotional status that is a frustration or a signage. And this information, to continue, is passed to a conversational 
model where the NLP is used to interpret the intent and create or generate an emphasis response. Another 
characteristic that the chatbot has is can detect critical situations. When the chatbot search the situations, 
it access to a referral protocol and give the users to have professional help. Other method is that user can 
use is a repository of copying strategies. All information that chatbot use is a data privacy and transparency 
for the employees and employers. Now the conclusions. 

So to bring all together, we know that work can be stressful and that traditional ways of support aren't always 
accessible and private. Our chatbot is discreet, meaning private, is smart and supportive and it tries to 
understand workplace stress and problems. It is ethical and private by design. It's by for trust, so users 
can trust the vote. And just to remind, this vote is not a replacement. It's like a new alley. The tool is 
made to work together with experts. 

So thank you for watching. watching and if you have any answer we'll be pleased to answer that."
