"Hi, we are Group 22 and we are going to talk about real-time fatigue detection. 
Nowadays, workers deal with a lot of mental pressure due to a lot of multitasking, a lot 
of information and tight deadlines in their projects. This leads to a lot of mental fatigue, 
a condition that causes a slowdown in responses, a lack of attention, and it decreases the 
decision making choices. This is like, incremented because work schedules nowadays are fixed 
by management, managers, decisions and fixed schedules and they are not centred in how workers 
capacity vary during the day and this creates a gap between tasks difficulty and capacity in 
workers. 

Our research shows that simply monitoring on mouse movements and keyboard can detect on employees, 
how they are dealing with this fatigue. Our project shows that with a standard computer device, we 
can prevent all this fatigue in time. Despite all these things today in companies, They don't have 
this type of devices. And they only have like expositions or works that reduce worker's stress, but 
they are not specialized in real time factors. And this can provoke that workers reduce their capacity. 
And now I'm my colleague Daniel is going to take it back. What? 

To start with the mental fatigue detection, in real time, using digital signals, researchers have 
tried different approaches. One common method is using wearable devices that detect wearable devices 
that detect body signals, for example, rate of patterns. When these patterns change, it shows a reduced, 
reduced the nervous system activity on stress and on tiredness. This shows their current mental state. 
This is not a good approach to the problem, because it affects the comfort of the body. And also, they're 
really good to wear each in a work day. Other common, other approach, approach, focus on type, on type, 
on the keyboard type. Because a recent study shows that how everyone types shows how their current mental 
state is. and as analyzing how the typing velocity is or pressure on pattern, it can detect if the employee 
is tired or is tired or not. And this approach is good because it uses only a work input and not extra devices. 
And also I drive in work-load management systems while promising and while providing work. usually focus 
on giving the task to a base on a skill and based on a skill and previous previous activity rather than focus 
on current mental state. Also we have to take care of the privacy because it's a survey It's a survey that 
is 24% of the organizations that implement a good approach using privacy. Their employees improved in their 
work. And now Alvaro is going to talk to you about innovation part. 

Thank you. Now for the innovation part, our study aims to develop a fatigue guard. Fatigue guard is a system 
focused on reducing the mental fatigue of the employees of a company by adjusting their workloads in real 
time. These systems pretend to overcome the present problems of the methods that are used right now by 
implementing a two computer system model. This is using the first one, one simpler model that analyze the 
current data that is being sent to him. And the other one analyze the data through time and through each 
individual. So analyzing their behavior over time. This system also has three main goals, which are to build 
a robust detection system for the mental health, also building a system who can just adjust the workload in 
real time, but also all these focus are wrapped around with a privacy and a transparent politics. transparent 
politics. Also for the description part, this system has three main parts, which are the monitoring part, the 
processing part, and the action part. In the monitoring part, as Daniel said, We are monitoring this, well, 
this alerts could be like, he said, like the typing speed, like movement speed, all these who have been shown 
to show mental tiredness. For the processing part, we have to make sure that all the data or the metadata, all 
the metadata is removed so you can relate the data to employees. And we have to make sure that the quality of 
the data is, we have to acquire a level of data by using some standard software tools like could be removing 
the odd layers, like could be an uncommon movement of the mouse or an unusual type speeding. All of this ensures 
a quality of the data to be sure. Now I'm going to talk about the privacy and the security of our system. 
Starting this, I'm going to maybe make a metaphor that our system is like a party, a costume party. It knows 
that there are persons, how they dance, how they move and analyze them, but it doesn't know which person it is. 
We are doing this making persons anonymous, adding some noise data that doesn't change the result but make it 
better, worse to know which person is making the movements. It also uses a homomorphic encrypted that it can be 
analyzed without the encryption. This model redistributes our workload. detecting the fatigue. It has a multiple 
level of AI driving that selects which type of fatigue do you have. And in order of that, with some rules, it 
selects the allocation of the tasks where you are going to work. Then obviously it needs some feedback of the 
users in order to improve and continue to improve the system. 

Our implementation is easier by making modular design that separates its AI in order to test and learn about 
different AS and how they work. The privacy we have talked about, but I want also to add that there are some 
actors controlled to the eyes and security auditors to talk about how it's going, how is the security, how it 
could improve. In another implementation, we use transparency. The users can look forward the results, the 
percentage of fatigue in order to just know, to know how we are getting that results and optional, pause that 
monitoring or continuing with that in order to improve their work. And only we serve that results to the 
managers that doesn't know which person is more fatigue or more bad can realloc that core cloud and make another 
plan in order to gain more efficiency. As talked previously, obviously the feedback is so important in order to 
get close to the person that otherwise we are using AI we need to be near and know about their feelings. The 
first part of the feedback is easy, the questions, experiences, reviews and that's all. 

To sum up, our research is not looking forward and just simple liai. We are using a system that looks for 
realloc the work and reduce the fatigue. And thank you for watching. And that's it."
